(♪ Light Music ♪)
T-shirts are all the rage
in fashion for teens these days
and I want to show you
some real simple projects
you can make using T-shirts,
whether they're recycled
or whether they're purchased
at Michaels.
The first one
is this trendy T-shirt.
You'd find them in all
the stores right now,
but they're very simple
to make.
I started by cutting off
the sleeves
and simply cutting a fringe.
This is how you do it:
You just cut off the hem
of the sleeve
and that will kind of let
the T-shirt curl
and give a nice smooth look.
And then you will begin
by the fringe.
And to keep it nice
and straight,
the best way is to find
the point in which you want it
to hang on your body
and create a line,
and just draw it
with a pencil,
right across the T-shirt.
Once you found your line,
you might draw a straight line
down the middle,
and that is your point
you will begin cutting.
I like to cut the hem
off the bottom too
because it will help
the T-shirt curl
when you pull the strings
after they've all been cut.
A nice sharp scissors
works great for this project.
and once you have it
all marked,
you will begin
by following your line
and cutting nice and straight,
up to the point you have marked
as the mid-point
on the T-shirt.
We'll continue across
the T-shirt on both sides
trying to keep your lines
as straight as possible.
Now, if you're experienced
with cutting,
you could go use
a rotary cutter,
but I would say most teens
are using the scissors.
You simply will cut
your entire shirt into fringes,
and once you're finished,
you will go back
and you will pull this.
And, look, you have
a totally different look
than you did cry prior.
Once you have finished
cutting the entire T-shirt
and you've pulled
on each string,
you will get this trendy look
that you see in all the stores.
This T-shirt
is really fun.
You can add beads
if you wanted to accent it.
You could trim off the arms
and you could cut it to make it
a sleeveless shirt.
That's one of the fun projects.
The other one is just as easy,
and it's making this necklace.
It's taking a strip of T-shirt
that you cut off the bottom.
So you've started
with a tube of T-shirt,
you cut it open
and you begin to stretch it
to create these long strings.
All you to do is tie
the strings together
to create one long rope.
Once you've tied
the strings together,
I'll just show you with two,
we'll then loop it around
to get the size you would like.
Like that.
We'll trim these sides off
and you will find any charm
you would like and you will use
another piece of T-shirt
to tie it on to the bottom
of the necklace.
So that's the beginning step.
This is what it would
look like when finished.
Trim up your ends and you have
a real funky T-shirt.
I used tie-dye,
you could use a solid color,
you could use
a recycled pattern shirt.
Lastly, the same concept
is done
by taking another string
of T-shirt,
tying it together,
adding a couple of beads,
the wood beads work best
because they're the biggest.
Just wrapping it around
your wrist for a bracelet.
These are three very
simple T-shirt ideas,
and I'd love to see
your ideas on Facebook.